README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/landlab/tutorials.svg?branch=release)](https://travis-ci.org/landlab/tutorials)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/landlab/tutorials/release)

[![Landlab header](./landlab_header.png)](http://landlab.github.io)

Most of these Landlab tutorials can either be read as text files or run
as interactive IPython notebooks (recommended!).

To run the IPython notebook tutorials locally, you can copy this
[landlab/tutorials](https://github.com/landlab/tutorials) repo to your
local working environment (use the ``download ZIP`` button or fork/clone,
whichever is most familiar to you).

Alternatively, you can also access each notebook online from
[https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/landlab/tutorials](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/landlab/tutorials)
and download an individual notebook (navigate to the specific IPython
notebook you want, open it, and click the download button that appears
in the upper right).

After downloading/cloning, navigate into your new directory (or to
the directory containing your new download) from the command line
in your terminal.

Use the command ``$ jupyter notebook`` to launch Jupyter, the IPython
notebook viewer (it will open locally in your browser). Then navigate
to the ``.ipynb`` tutorial you want to run and click to open it.

To run the code in the notebook, place your cursor in a code cell,
hold down ``shift``, and press ``enter``. The order in which you
run the cells matters. You can even experiment with typing your own code
into the cell and running that.

Here is a short IPython notebook tutorial along with a screencast
(the tutorial uses an example with statistics, but you can
substitute Landlab!): http://www.randalolson.com/2012/05/12/a-short-demo-on-how-to-use-ipython-notebook-as-a-research-notebook/

Commit message:

Update Readme to indicate that this repo is not being maintained.

README.md, after:

# As of mid December 2019 the Landlab tutorials are no longer being maintained here. The content that is in this repository has been brought into the [main landlab repository](https://github.com/landlab/landlab) which allows the development team to better ensure that the tutorials will always run with Landlab. 

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/landlab/tutorials.svg?branch=release)](https://travis-ci.org/landlab/tutorials)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/landlab/tutorials/release)

[![Landlab header](./landlab_header.png)](http://landlab.github.io)

Most of these Landlab tutorials can either be read as text files or run
as interactive IPython notebooks (recommended!).

To run the IPython notebook tutorials locally, you can copy this
[landlab/tutorials](https://github.com/landlab/tutorials) repo to your
local working environment (use the ``download ZIP`` button or fork/clone,
whichever is most familiar to you).

Alternatively, you can also access each notebook online from
[https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/landlab/tutorials](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/landlab/tutorials)
and download an individual notebook (navigate to the specific IPython
notebook you want, open it, and click the download button that appears
in the upper right).

After downloading/cloning, navigate into your new directory (or to
the directory containing your new download) from the command line
in your terminal.

Use the command ``$ jupyter notebook`` to launch Jupyter, the IPython
notebook viewer (it will open locally in your browser). Then navigate
to the ``.ipynb`` tutorial you want to run and click to open it.

To run the code in the notebook, place your cursor in a code cell,
hold down ``shift``, and press ``enter``. The order in which you
run the cells matters. You can even experiment with typing your own code
into the cell and running that.

Here is a short IPython notebook tutorial along with a screencast
(the tutorial uses an example with statistics, but you can
substitute Landlab!): http://www.randalolson.com/2012/05/12/a-short-demo-on-how-to-use-ipython-notebook-as-a-research-notebook/
